---
layout: post
title:  "2019/20 Season Review"
date:   2020-07-29 22:09:00 -0700
categories: [blog, personal, manunited]
tags: [manunited]
---
# Man United have qualified for the Champions League next season.

Feels good to say it. All that hard work done by Ole is finally paying off. Who would have thought we could achieve this position after the way we started the season. Remember when we had Ashley Young playing left-back and Darmian playing at right-back, Dalot at right-wing, Lingard as CAM, a match before Ole was appointed? We lost that match 3-1 against Liverpool, which led to the sacking of Jose Mourinho. A blessing in disguise in my opinion.

The way we have rebuilt after that point is just amazing. From a boring defensive-minded spineless team to a family with character and the will to win trophies. Ole has us in the right direction. This was possible due to a string of good decisions throughout the last 18 months or so. Starting with benching/letting go players that were unwanted and didn’t fit the plan. Fellaini was sold in the winter window, months after Ole’s signing. A sale 3 years late I think. Fellaini, though he was a plan B for Jose Mourinho and did help out in tough situations several times, I feel we shouldn’t have been in those situations in the first place. So moving him on was the right thing to do, and we have never looked back. Fringe players also need to have the right mindset and desire to be at United. Anything less is not enough.

So we moved on from various of these types of players. Summer came, and we let go of loads of them. Alexis Sanchez (loan), Antonio Valencia (free), Matteo Darmian, Chris Smalling (loan), and surprisingly Romelu Lukaku and Ander Herrera, all these players were given the boot. What surprises me with Ander and Lukaku is that they were performing well. Although I must admit they didn’t necessarily have the right attitude. Herrera wanted more money and Romelu was leaking training data online. This blunt treatment from Ole is what I like. He knew we would have holes in the squad if we let them go. However, there was born a famous line from him which goes like, “I’d rather have a hole in the squad than an asshole”. Good one Ole!

In the same summer, we signed three new faces. Harry Maguire, who went on to be the new club captain and play every minute of the whole Premier League campaign; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, the spider who has the record of most tackles in the Premier League this season; and a young, pacey, Daniel James, who came from the Championship and scored in his debut against Chelsea, and went on to produce 3 goals and 6 assists in his first 19 PL appearances. Not bad, right? Yes we let go of 6 players and brought in 3, but we also promoted Mason Greenwood and Brandon Williams to the first team, made Fred a regular in the squad, and these three also had an important part to play in the season! Ole’s man/squad management is crazily on point.

The season then had a bad spell with United losing crucial matches consistently. This consistent loss of points was inevitable. The squad was thin, and long team injuries to Pogba and Rashford did not help. Also, we didn’t have a dedicated first choice CAM and RW which were filled by Pereira and James for the time being. Things were getting out of hand. By Gameweek 9, we were already on 14th position (2W, 4D, 3L) and Ole was already compared to Moyes at this point. By the winter transfer window, we had gained some wins and reached 5th place. Still behind our goal of AT LEAST REACHING TOP FOUR FFS. We had a few losses in January again, against the likes of Arsenal (who were at the time in 12th place), Burnley (who were at the time 14th), and Liverpool (who were at the time battling to get out of the relegation zone…………. NOT!). After these losses, came a turning point, after which we didn’t lose even one of the next 14 games. That turning point was the signing of Odion Ighalo! The Nigerian R9! Jokes aside, the turning point was Bruno Fernandes <3.

Bruno was signed for a mere €55M, a fraction of what we would’ve paid for the likes of James Maddison or Jack Grealish. He came in and went on to score 8 goals and 7 assists in the remaining Premier League games, helping us have an unbeaten streak and jump to 3rd place in the league. Talk about impact signings! We owe this to Ole’s string of good decisions and the choice of signings he has made that fit the playing style and passion that United is known for. Bruno also brings in his leadership qualities, flair and he looks forward to playing every minute of every game, how much ever tired the guy is. That is the passion for football, passion for the club, and passion for winning, that we as fans love to see!

If these good decisions keep coming in the season to come, I believe we would go on to achieve great things in the years to come. What worries me the most is our board and their lack of trust that can always backfire on the manager and the atmosphere in the team, leading up to the eventual sacking of managers. I have had enough of these sackings in the past 7 years. This is a club legend that is doing things right, doing things his way, doing things the United Way! If he is not backed, I don’t see anyone being backed in the future, and this club is in fact truly rotten to the core. The other thing I am worried about is the Liverpool team knocking us off our perch now. The only thing I can’t stand at all is probably this.
Having said that, and with all the rumors of Jadon Sancho and Jack Grealish probably coming to United in the next few months, I am happy to have something to look forward to. The next season could be a make or break situation for Ole, and I sincerely hope it is the former. :)

Peace out!