---
layout: post
title:  "COVID-19 crisis"
date:   2020-05-21 22:21:00 -0700
categories: [blog, personal]
tags: [random]
---
The coronavirus lockdown has taken upon the world. I have been working from home from February 27th. Writing this on day 84. I have only been out of home on 5 occasions. 4 of them were grocery shopping, and one for submitting my STEM OPT application. Things are tough, but with that comes opportunities! I have learned to cook loads of new dishes! Brownies, pasta, easy to make 5 minute egg wraps, etc. Gaming is now more than a passtime activity. Its a time to unload all frustration and still have a social aspect to it. Also started journaling my daily thoughts this week. Currently reading financial books to have some good savings practices going to stabilize my finances for the long run. I also am doing well professionally having a stable workplace (touchwood) and a good team to work with. I also received a spot award for my work some months ago. That was definitely a nice feeling. I hope I keep up the expectation.

I have realized that people are generally dumb and can do anything to grab some good old likes and social attention. Instagram trends feel annoying to me. It might be a way to cope for most people though, but I rather be off it for my mental peace. Countless challenges and people trying to "follow the trend" seems something that is confined to this pandemic. If they keep up with making homemade pizzas and dalgona coffees instead of reaching out to Papa Johns or Starbucks when the pandemic is over, I would certainly be impressed. Also, the pity people give me, they go like, "Hey, don't you feel bored alone in a pandemic?", NO DUDE I LIVE ALONE WHEN THERE IS NO PANDEMIC TOO! I AM SELF SUFFICIENT! I DON'T NEED YOUR BORING COMPANY TO KEEP ME ENTERTAINED. Having 15 mins cap on Instagram and Facebook has been by far the best decision that I have taken. Action Dash is the app I use for this.

I also bought an iPad this pandemic. This was something that was on my list for a long time! With the recent savings because of the pandemic because of reduced travel and food orders, I finally could buy it! I am mainly using the device for reading and journaling, but I always wanted to sketch or paint and will surely give it a try in the coming weeks. For me, this pandemic has been a good experience overall. I know myself better and I am trying things I usually won't. 

This blog is stale. Me writing on here after a long time is the sign of not being committed to this writing skill that I always wanted to do periodically. I want this blog to have posts about positive things in my life and nothing much has happened over the past 8 months that I can enjoy writing about. I hope things get better and soon. 